hi my name's elizabeth i'm a medical
student and an artist living in london
and in this video i will go through
five of my favorite apps that make up my
workflow
in under a minute each number one has
got to be notion it
is an organizational tool the way i
would define it
is a microsoft word meets microsoft
excel
meets task list meets anki meets
noticeability
needs mood board it is everything you
could have wanted from an app
in one place it's so so good i use it
because
nothing is as organized beautiful and
has as good of a workflow as
notion does i use it for absolutely
everything lectures
notes flash cards projects book notes
it's my gym tracker philosophy art
youtube now
every part of my life is on notion my
next app is tech sniper this will allow
you to
select part of the screen which is an
image and it will convert it immediately
into text that is then copied onto your
clipboard so hopefully you can see where
i'm going with this if there is a
lecture on the screen
i can just screenshot parts of the
screen and immediately it will turn into
text that i can then copy and paste
onto notion for me or wherever you're
taking your notes in
so you don't need to type things out
from images and it saves
so much time it's especially useful for
lectures also when people share
links and expect you to write them out
into your browser which i find really
annoying
this this helps a lot with that my next
app is speechify and this is probably
afternoon my favorites
this is an app which will convert text
into speech
basically this is how i get free audio
books and i might make a whole video on
it on its own because it's so incredible
absolutely developed for people with
dyslexia but it's so so helpful for
literally everyone on the planet
you basically upload a pdf file or
whatever sort of text that you want and
it will read it out loud to you
the reason it's so incredible is that
listening to things is so much faster
than reading it's so much easier to
increase the speed with which it's said
rather than to kind of train yourself to
read faster to train myself using this
app
for example now i only listen to youtube
videos at three or four times the speed
and i can read so so so much faster i
use it mostly for books that i don't
enjoy reading so this is not my pleasure
reading time this is things that i need
to
learn i also use it for legislation or
things i need to
read for work that are just really
tiring and i'll just get someone to read
them out loud for me basically which is
really really helpful
and because they have quite recent ai
technology reading the text out loud it
doesn't sound as bad as google it's
really good the next app is liner this
is quite difficult to explain
but basically it will allow you to edit
web pages
so if there's something that i have open
on a web page i can highlight it i can
make notes in it and all of these will
be saved for me so you don't have to
download a page as a pdf or copy text
from one web page to onto another site
and edit it there and lose the
formatting but you can work on the web
page immediately because it's like a
browser extension
i use it when i read cool articles or
cool blog posts
or especially for pubmed this is so
great because i'll highlight parts of
the study that are relevant to me
and then they all will be summarized
together so my highlights will come into
one place and they'll have they'll be
linked back to the original page for me
it's kind of like
opened up the internet in a different
way because things are not only there
but they're mine to edit
the way that i want to if that makes
sense so it's such a useful tool the
next and final app has got to be anki
this is basically a flash card app and i
know that there are so many out there
but in my opinion this one is just the
best
i use it for memorizing little bits of
information that are particularly
annoying
so um if there's something that it's not
a concept but it's just
a number or a piece of anatomy or just
something that i need to learn
that takes no intelligence but just
memorization which is a huge part of
medicine
um i will put this create a flashcard
and put this in anki it's super
convenient because it's on my phone so
if i have any sort of empty space or
time and this might be
when i'm traveling places on the bus or
tube or if i'm just lying in bed and i
don't have my laptop on me
if i'm standing around for no reason in
hospital if i'm having a really boring
and lonely socially distanced lunch
i will just go through anki and do a few
flash cards throughout the day and
that's a good way to kind of
add on those learning minutes yeah this
was all five of them i hope you found
this video helpful at
all um if you use these apps already or
in different ways let me know
if you made it so far honestly thank you
so much for spending this time with me
and i hope you have a wonderful rest of
the day be kind to yourself and others
and don't believe everything you think
thanks bye